Add details about using a classic PAT (#356)
actions/add-to-project: README.md

## Creating a PAT and adding it to your repository

- create a new [personal access

>   token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) with `project` scopes.

Author: ```suggestion
  token](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new) with `project` scope. For private repos you will also need `repo` scope.
```
